[labs/nextjs] Enable plugin rule settings granular control (#4960)
lit/lit: packages/labs/nextjs/README.md

```js
const withLitSSR = require('@lit-labs/nextjs')({
  addDeclarativeShadowDomPolyfill: true,
  webpackModuleRulesTest: /\/my-app-pages\/.*\.tsx?$/,
});
```

The following options are supported:

| Property                          | Type            | Description                                                                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `addDeclarativeShadowDomPolyfill` | `boolean`       | If `true`, the client bundle will include a script that applies the [Declarative Shadow DOM polyfill](https://github.com/webcomponents/template-shadowroot). Defaults to `true`. |

> | `webpackModuleRulesTest`          | `RegExp`        | Allows to pass a specific RegExp to match the files to be processed by the plugin. Defaults to `/\/pages\/.*\.(?:j\|t)sx?$\|\/app\/.*\.(?:j\|t)sx?$/`.                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `webpackModuleRulesTest`          | `RegExp`        | Configure the RegExp used to inject Lit SSR support. Ideally it should match the entrypoint to your routes. Defaults to `/\/pages\/.*\.(?:j\|t)sx?$\|\/app\/.*\.(?:j\|t)sx?$/`.                           |
```
